ParkWise Lots
The ParkWise company owns various parking lots throughout the country and provides parking services. To automate its services, the company has initiated the development of an information system that satisfies the following specification.
For each parking lot, the system will store a unique number, name, address, and city. An administrator will be responsible for updating these details in the system. 
The system will hold the number of available spaces in each parking lot (0 if full). To this end, a gate sensor (GS) will be installed at the entrance of each parking lot, identifying the arrival and departure of vehicles and sending the data to the system in real-time. 
When a vehicle arrives, the system will get its data (from the gate sensor) and search the database for the corresponding vehicle number. If the vehicle is found, the system will instruct the gate sensor to open the barrier. If the barrier does not open, the client will have to follow the instructions displayed at the parking lot entrance. These instructions guide the client to access the system and provide the required details, including first name, last name, mobile phone number, and three photos of the vehicle (front, rear, and side views). Based on the uploaded photos, the system automatically extracts the vehicle’s details: number, type (as text), color, size (small, medium, or large), and weight (in kg). The extraction photo-to-text module distinguishes among four predefined colors – white, black, silver, and blue – while all other colors are categorized as other. If either the vehicle or the client is found in the database, the system will update the associations to ensure that each vehicle will be associated with exactly one client. At the end of these updates, the system will instruct the gate sensor to open the barrier.
After passing the barrier, the system will store the parking session information, including  start time and vehicle details. The client will drive the vehicle to a vacant conveyor, leave the vehicle in parking, take the key, and lock the vehicle. The Conveyors’ Controller (CC)  will scan the vehicle number, assign a conveyor and ask the system to run an optimization algorithm to find the nearest vacant space to the conveyor location. The locations of both parking spaces and conveyors are represented by their floor number and their position on that floor as (x,y) coordinate. Each parking space also has its size (small, medium, or large) to indicate which vehicles it can accommodate. Each conveyor has a maximum vehicle weight it can transport. Both the parking-space size and the conveyor’s weight capacity will be considered by the optimization algorithm. After moving the vehicle to the designated parking space, the conveyors’ controller will update the system on parking completion and the final location of the operating conveyor. The system will know at each moment where each vehicle is – on which conveyor or in which parking space. An SMS message with the parking details will be sent to the client's phone. This data is also available through the system UI, if the client enters his or her phone number. Only at the end of the parking session, there is no need to store the conveyors that handle each vehicle (as long as the vehicle is in the lot, this information is important in case of problems). 
For getting the vehicle back, the client  types in the system UI the vehicle number, his or her phone number (for validation), and clicks "end parking". Upon requesting to end parking, a vacant conveyor (assigned by the conveyors’ controller) transfers the vehicle to the parking lot gate. The client will be requested to pay via the system UI. The payment amount will be calculated based on fixed price lists, sent yearly by the Integrated Rate Service (IRS) in a JSON format. Each parking lot can adopt a different price list, which includes the price for the first hour, the price for each additional hour, and the price for a full day. The system will maintain price history for each parking lot.
Payment is handled outside the system: the system will send a request to the external Payment Gateway (PG) with the client details and the payment amount; Once the payment is approved, the payment gateway will notify the system, which will instruct the gate sensor to open the gate. The system will further issue a receipt at the client’s request. The receipt will show the client, vehicle, and parking details, the overall number of hours, the price rate (according to the parking duration), and the final amount.
ParkWise also manages a client’s club. Club members will get an automatic, fixed discount for all parking sessions. Clients can register to the club through the system UI at any point of time. Membership is free and remains active for life. During registration, and at any time afterwards, the client can select preferred parking lots (the selection dates are stored for audit purposes). The member’s first parking session in the registration month, in any of the selected parking lots, is free.
The administrator should be able to generate the following reports:
Annual Summary Report – a yearly overview of all incomes of ParkWise. The report will include a list of all parking lots, the total amount paid (per lot), and the number of vehicles in “other” colors which parked in the lot, in a given year. The report will be ordered by parking lot’s city (descending order) and total amounts (ascending order). The report will be generated  in both PDF and  XML formats.
2. Customer Club Growth Report – a monthly overview of new and total club members. The report includes, for each month in the current year, the number of customers who joined the club in that month, the cumulative total of active members by the end of the month, and the percentage of total growth compared to the previous month. The report will be ordered by month in ascending order.

